Question - Store 10 roll numbers, Int array may be used for solving it.
Questions - Store 10 names, String array may be used for solving it.

Questions - Store 5 Cars or Store 10 Students or 100 Employees or something which try to store the collection of property.
For these type of problems, classes are come into the mind to use.
When we want to need some data structure to store collection of properties, or need to define our own data type- classes
are used solving these kind of situation.

Class - named group of properties and function or also be defined as collection of set of rules and regulation to take care of.
It is something that is not physically present but with the help of it we can make multiple physical entity.

Classes - logical construction for objects.
Objects - physical reality of the classes.

Object are the instance of the class that can use the properties that a class holds of which it is type of.
Student student1; // declaration
here student1 is called a object which is an instance of a class student. So can say this also that a reference val of
type Student is declared. student1 is a reference variable of type Student

student1 = new Student(); - new keyword is used to allocate the memory in heap means the object of type Student is created
in the heap memory at the runtime so it says new is used to dynamic allocates memory in the heap for the object creation and
return a reference to it. so now student1 is a reference variable which is pointing to the object of type Student.

Student() - is a constructor which is a special function in the class which tells that what will happen when the object is
created so basically assigning the instance variable to the objects. It means now objects are able to access instance variable and can use it accordingly.
Java has default constructor but can also define our own constructor accordingly for our uses.

. operator is used to like build a connection between reference variables to the name of the instance variables.
this keyword is used to define the objects which is going to use the classes properties for the better understanding and uses.



