Abstraction basic definition you get it, now its time to understand its use cases.
For eg. There is class and there are subclass of it. Then what is so special about it since all other class exists like it.

Abstract class are different from other classes on the basis of defining its properties and some limitations
Properties of abstract classes :-
1. there must be at least one abstract method inside it - abstract methods are those where body is not defined, they must be
   overridden from the child class with their own bodies.
2. You can create a reference of abstract class pointing to the child class object and then can use other properties defined.
   But you can not create an object of it own without overriding the abstract methods.
3. You cannot make abstract class as final since then they cannot be overridden that is why final with abstraction is not possible.
4. normal instance variable can be defined, static ones can be defined. same applies to methods also.
5. abstract methods cannot be static because it does not depends on the objects and abstract are meant to be overridden.
6. Constructors cannot be abstract because since object cannot be created or if created then it does not know what will happen
   since the body is not defined and so it can't possible.
7. You can also have final variables which can be assigned values using constructors changes via child classes.
8. It behaves like a normal class when comes to inheriting properties of it. You can not inherit more than one abstract
   class at the same time. Rest all things same.

Interfaces :- It is a special abstract class but not covers the class properties so it is called interfaces. Interfaces
are powerful property since it makes possible to use multiple inheritance.

Properties of interfaces :-
1. Methods inside it are public and abstract by nature.
2. Variables are static and final by default.
3. Static method will always have body.

You cannot instantiate interfaces at all. Since creating constructors are not allowed at all.

For overriding things access modifiers must be same or above that, otherwise it will show error.