Backtracking can be defined as a general algorithmic technique that considers searching every possible combination
in order to solve a computational problem.

What is Backtracking Algorithm?
Backtracking is an algorithmic technique for solving problems recursively by trying to build a solution incrementally,
one piece at a time, removing those solutions that fail to satisfy the constraints of the problem at any point of time
(by time, here, is referred to the time elapsed till reaching any level of the search tree).

Types of Backtracking Algorithm
There are three types of problems in backtracking

Decision Problem – In this, we search for a feasible solution.
1. Optimization Problem – In this, we search for the best solution.
2. Enumeration Problem – In this, we find all feasible solutions.
3. When can be Backtracking Algorithm used?

For example, consider the SudoKo solving Problem, we try filling digits one by one. Whenever we find that current
digit cannot lead to a solution, we remove it (backtrack) and try next digit. This is better than naive approach
(generating all possible combinations of digits and then trying every combination one by one) as it drops a set of
permutations whenever it backtracks.


Difference b/w Recursion and Backtracking :-

1. Recursion does not always need backtracking	Backtracking always uses recursion to solve problems
2. A recursive function solves a particular problem by calling a copy of itself and solving smaller sub problems
   of the original problems. Backtracking at every step eliminates those choices that cannot give us the solution
   and proceeds to those choices that have the potential of taking us to the solution.
3. Recursion is a part of backtracking itself and it is simpler to write. Backtracking is comparatively complex to
   implement.
4. Applications of recursion are Tree and Graph Traversal, Towers of Hanoi, Divide and Conquer Algorithms,
   Merge Sort, Quick Sort, and Binary Search.	Application of Backtracking is N Queen problem, Rat in a Maze problem,
   Knight’s Tour Problem, Sudoku solver, and Graph coloring problems.