Why linked list and What is it ?
If we aside the thoughts or aspects that says about the memory management of the array is managed by JVM. Can say that
elements are stored in an array in a continuous manner. Imagine a ground with boundaries where all persons are in a line
so there must be a length of the boundary from where no person can fit in following the rules that says have to be in a
continuous manner or be in a line. Same happens within array where each element is placed in a continuous manner with
others and indices are there for tracking the location and the can do useful operation with help of it.
But if beyond the limit try to insert elements it will show out of bound error or array is full, this become an issue
when we do not know the limits or number of elements in the starting.
To overcome this Array List comes into picture but since it double the size and then copy the existing elements in it and
use it as the original array for the next internally, since it takes constant time then also it is not more efficient.

So Linked List data structure is there to help us to deal with the limitation of the size. If we understood each element
in an array as a box which is placed continuously but in Linked List these boxes are placed randomly in the memory, where
each box is pointing to another box that is not necessary to be in order.
Three term is used :- Node, Head, Tail
Node :- we call the box in linked list as a Node, that is placed randomly in the memory and is pointing to another node.
Each Node contains two things :- first is own integer value and the other is another node whom it is pointing to.
Head :- very first node in the linked list is called the head. Starting point basically is called head
Tail :- last node of the linked list is called the tail. End point is the tail of the linked list.

Types - Singly, Doubly, Circular.

We can think of a move where drug racket happens and the cops are searching for them. We observe that if any dealer gets
caught by a police then that person only has two things their own personality and the one person above them who give them
order and they operate being located at random places. Linked List concepts can be understood by these scenes.


Singly Linked List
In this linked list each node can have two things its own identity value and the another next node whom it is pointing to
but do not have information about the previous node. There will be head and tail defined with different scenarios.
Have to do operations on the node by knowing these properties.


Doubly Linked List
In this linked list each node will have three things its own identity value, the another next node whom it is pointing to
and the  previous node which exist before the current node. There will be head and tail defined with different scenarios.
Have to do operations on the node by knowing these properties. In this previous of head is null and next of tail is null.


Circular Linked List
In this linked list each node can have two things its own identity value and the another next node whom it is pointing to
but do not have information about the head and tail, since nodes are in a circular manner means the starting and the ending
point will be at the same place. Similar to singly but these make it different from the other.
Have to do operations on the node by knowing these properties.

Time to code ): coding